---
title: 'Master Admission'
date: 2023-04-15
permalink: /posts/2023/04/15/blog-post-1/
# tags:
#   - cool posts
#   - category1
#   - category2
---

I am excited to announce that I have accepted my admission offer into the Robotics area of the Electrical and Computer Engineering Master's degree program at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor!

As a result of my application process, I have received admission offers for the following programs: 
- MS in Electrical and Computer Engineering at University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. [[View](/images/umich.png)]
- MS in Computer Engineering at Columbia University. [[View](/images/columbia.jpeg)]
- MS in Robotics at Northwestern University. [[View](/images/northwestern.jpeg)]
- MS in Computer Engineering at Virginia Tech. [[View](/images/vt.jpeg)]
- MS in Robotics at Northeastern University. [[View](/images/northeastern.png)]
- MS in Computer Engineering at the University of California, Irvine. [[View](/images/uci.jpeg)]
- MS in Computer Engineering with a scholarship of $7000/year at New York University. [[View](/images/nyu.jpeg)]

It has been an incredible journey with day and night hard work with the up-and-down application process. Thanks to the MIT EECS Graduate Application Assistance Program for helping me with my material. Thanks to Professor Scott Boskovich, Professor Farhana Abedin, and Professor Farbod Khoshnoud in the Electromechanical Engineering Department at Cal Poly Pomona for their great letters of recommendation. Lastly, I want to thank my family and close friends who have supported and helped me on my journey. 

[Here is the ranking system by US News website in 2023.](https://www.usnews.com/best-graduate-schools/top-engineering-schools/eng-rankings)